>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
so, here's the agenda.
I'm going to talk about the demo
application just real quick, so
we can see what it looks like.
Then this is going to
be the longest module.
But I'm going to just from a high level,
talk about the big picture, and
what are the big pieces in Angular and
how do they fit together.
So for me when I start to, I'm picking
up a book or a textbook especially,
I like to look at the table of contents
and just say, what are we going to cover.
And so this is kind of the condensed
version, and then we'll spend the rest
of the workshop over the next couple
of days, unpacking it, getting into it.
So I would expect at the end of
that first module, by the end,
eyes are gonna be glazed over and
everybody is gonna go get a doughnut,
take a deep breath, and then we'll come
back and actually start writing the code.
So just a forewarning that, into the big
picture we're just going to get a high
level view, talk about a lot of concepts
but then we'll start to break that down.
Then we're gonna do a quick intro to
the Angular CLI, and then we're gonna get
right into components, templates,
services, and template driven forms.
And I think that will set the foundation
for how do we build a feature in Angular.